hey guys so I'm gonna be doing a review
today on these plugs so they were sent
to me by two WAPA so they sent me these
gorgeous pair of errata night plugs
they're in the shape of a heart
and they're stone rod knights stone so I
wanted to see Oregon's how they looked
in my ears and up close so since they
are stone they're not gonna be identical
so I really liked that about them so
each pair is unique they don't all look
alike so that's really cool about the
year rod night stone plugs so I don't
want you guys singing see my hanging
ears all over the video so I'm just
gonna put some plugs in all right so
these plugs are really cool these
haven't even debuted on their site yet
so in December they're begin to be
having a sale and they're gonna be on
the site in December so when they send
these to me they're in this gorgeous box
it's so fancy everything they sent it to
you in so let me show you what they look
like when I got them so the chemical is
flung in 1996
that's based out of San Francisco
so these plugs are beautiful
so they got a hold mean they said you
know we wanted some cheap hair plugs so
we're just gonna send you some brand-new
ones the honey babe you'd yet so you can
review first and I thought that was
really nice so this is what they look
like when I got them so gorgeous heart
plugs and with it I sent money to of the
Tawaf of stickers i sent me a wild card
sticker a postcard for the company and
they gave me a - whapa magnet so this
magnet is so beautiful it's on my fridge
I'd had to take it off to do this review
but it's really pretty so on this site
they have a whole bunch of defense stuff
they have those hanging like spiral
plugs like the one that this chicks
wearing they have plugs like that they
have tons of them like that so they have
you know filigree they have rose gold
gold plated coconut shell normal shell
gemstone they have a horn
they have bone and they have ivory as
well so they have a whole bunch of
different plugs like that so all the
hanging ones they have of different
materials I just listed they have those
in plugs as well so it's a really cool
company cuz they have a lot of writing
everything is organic so I don't think
they have any acrylic or any stuff like
that so everything is organic on the
site so that's really cool their pieces
are absolutely beautiful so you don't
need to have your ear stretch to like
you know an inch to be able to wear
their plugs they have stuff on there
that is you know like a 16 gauge they
have 16 gauge to a I think two and a
half inches so whatever size you are
they have jewelry for you so I really
like that so they also have you know
weights they have the stone plugs they
have a whole bunch of different variety
they also have normal jewelry like
necklaces I saw some gorgeous necklaces
on there so I really really like this
site
so in December they're gonna be having a
huge sale of their site I think it's
lasting all of November I haven't found
out all the details from them yet but
I'm pretty sure is blessing all of them
note are all of December so that's
really cool they also have a lot of you
know on the back to the plugs they have
a lot of different ones so they have
ones that have like lotuses on them they
have different shapes of like flowers
made out of the stone
they have like normal hollow ones and
they have just a lot of different stuff
on their site a lot of jewelry so these
heart plugs so I'll do it actually on
these so these heart planes they're
really cool the other thing is that the
size that I am since I'm at an inch they
have to make you know inch plugs out of
complete stone so it's really heavy on
my ear you don't get any of that nasty
ear cheese so you don't have to worry
about it you know like slipping out but
just to be safe so it doesn't slip out
for me I like to put an O ring around it
so just behind it when it's on my ear I
like to put an O ring so I'm just
positive that it's not gonna slip out
but no they're pretty heavy but they're
I like them a lot so it's not like
overwhelmingly heavy where I got like a
neck ache or something so they're
comfortable they they feel a really cool
I'm I like being able to feel them
because usually when I have like my
metal ones it I constantly have to check
them to make sure they're still there
just so they get really paranoid but
with these you know you can always feel
they're always there you can't sleep in
them because I read on the site they
don't want you to sleep in them because
you could compromise like the quality of
the stone and you know just take them
out when you sleep so I just aware of my
metal ones when I sleep but I really
like this brand I would definitely be
getting more stuff from them and I love
that packaging it's so elegant cuz
usually I get plugs they put in like a
plastic bag like a ziplock bag or like
they wrap it and like pay
and so this this is really cool I felt
like I was getting like a nice diamond
necklace or something so it was really
cool I really like the packaging they go
out to my house really quick so they're
actually in San Francisco and I'm in
Central California so it's not that far
so we got here super quick but they have
really fast shipping for everywhere and
definitely check out the sale I will be
putting pictures at the end of this
video of different plugs that they have
some of my personal favorites and I'll
be letting you know more about the sale
so check out - whapa it's a great site
everything's organic so if you really
like that if you like we're gonna stuff
definitely check it out plus they have a
lot of cool jewelry so that is my review
thanks guys check out the site bye
you